It seems that the lesson taught you last time was not enough, right?
You remember me.
As long as I'm there
Don't even think about parking
You wait for me. Go.
Chen Fang
I heard that the whole family has a good relationship
This time the punishment is not more than that simple, it's alright
I know the answer.
Hey, do you have this map in your car?
Yes, I'll get it for you.
Commander, I signed 20 drug enemy contracts
Dante can't take it?
Otherwise, the 40 dolls will not learn.
How much is a broken school worth?
Anyway, the village decided it was up to the board
Or you can buy it if you can
Otherwise no talk
Mr. Liu, I once raised my hand
Dante can't take it
This is my heart.
Are you fucking sending beggars?
I'm the one telling you.
We are sick in your place.
You'd better pack up and go back
You can't take it, you can't take it.
Well, you don't have to accept it.
You kneel down now and kowtow to me ten times
I'll consider keeping your broken school
Okay, I do.
I knock